# Earn Merits when using Swapscout

### Swapscout & Merits

[Swapscout](https://swap.blockscout.com/) allows you to swap assets and bridge assets with a convenient, intuitive interface. In addition, users who are signed up to the [Blockscout Merits program](../merits/) will receive Merits for using Swapscout. Merits are distributed based on several factors:

1. The total 24-hour volume of Swapscout transfers.
2. The fees generated based on this volume.
3. The total number of unique Swapscout users within a 24 hour period.

At the end of each 24 hour period (00:00 UTC to 23:59 UTC each day) the number of transactions and fees generated by each unique address are calculated and Merits are distributed automatically.

### Allocation

A set amount of Merits are marked for distribution each day amongst all qualified users. An address receives a percentage of this amount based on the fees their address generates during that period for swaps and bridge transactions.  The more fees an address generates, the higher percentage of Merits they receive from the overall allocation.

### Min/Max

* **Minimum**: The minimum amount of Merits distributed to any address that interacts with Swapscout during a 24 hour period is 1% of the total Merits allocation for the day.
* **Maximum**: The maximum amount of Merits distributed to any one address interacting with Swapscout during a 24 hour period is 10% of the total Merits allocation for the day.

### Distribution

Merits are automatically distributed to each account at the end of each day. You can view your current Merits balance by [logging into Merits](../merits/) on a Blockscout instance where the program is active.
